
I would like to share the following review about the vba program at asdi:

"I learnt VBA EXCEL at ASDI and I must admit it's great.
The lessons are explained in great details that even beginners would easily   understand. The subject matter was well organized and well presented.

The curriculum is structured to build a foundation to make the complex understandable. Moreover, the practical examples from the actuarial industry make the program even better.
I would highly recommend this program at ASDI to anyone who wants to round out their VBA knowledge and get an insight of how VBA is used in the actuarial industry."
 

Piyush 

-----------------------------

I'm satisfied with the VBA course done at ASDI by Nikhil sir. Good part being, sir always gave me my required time when I couldn't make a code, and didn't rush in class, or didn't leave doubts to be cleared later. 

Sir used to go to each of us seperately and made sure we understand the concept in detail. Classes were also taken almost regularly. I'm from C++ background so that also made it much easier for me. 

Although, I didn't attend the pricing case study and poison class so I need to attend it again. Debugging could have been given a little more time. Rest of the concepts were given sufficient time with patience and I got a good understanding about them.

Arushi

------------------------------


One of the best faculty I have seen of any institute. Guidance provided to step in to the corporate world. Good for MS Excel & VBA.

Aman 

------------------------------

I have cleared 4 CT series examinations from Institute & Faculty Of Actuaries (IFoA), U.K. and currently pursuing CT4. Apart from clearing Actuarial exams I was always focused towards learning the practical application of whatever I have learned in these examinations. 

Fortunately, I came across the courses offered by Analytical Skill Development Institute and I was really taken away. I attended the workshop on Non-Life Actuarial Pricing and currently learning VBA from this Institute and I really appreciate the efforts made industry persons in these workshops. My expectations from these courses were more than fulfilled after attending these workshops as I am now somewhere able to translate my subject knowledge into the real life task to be performed by the Actuarial professionals without actually working as a professional. 

I must say that you will be able to do wonders after getting certain directions from the company you start working after attending these workshops which comes as an edge on the part of a fresher. I am eagerly waiting for the Reserving workshop to start so as to further explore my potential into a new domain of knowledge.


Vardaan kohli

-------------------------------


I am completely satisfied with the way they teach. The way they develop interest is just amazing, even the long hour sessions become interesting. Honestly, initially I was not a technical person/programmer but right now I would happily say that I developed a core interest in enhancing more analytical skills. I have done basic n advance excel n VBA and I am absolutely happy with such a supportive and helpful faculty that finally I somehow able to solve analytical problems.

Thank you for developing my interest and helped me to enhance my skills. 

#HappyStudentDiary


Sherry


--------------------------------


I attended classes for microsoft excel at the institute, and scored 85%. My basics were brushed and technicalities were taken care of, with extra attention and time, whenever required. 


Tanisha Anand

------------------------


